OSDOCS-20733: CQA fixes for ROSA HCP Tutorials 1-6 (#115626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cloud-experts-using-alb-and-waf-configure-aws-waf.adoc

----
+

> This will enable the Core (Common) and SQL AWS Managed Rule Sets.

Reviewer: Avoid future tense:

```suggestion
This enables the Core (Common) and SQL AWS Managed Rule Sets.
```
